document new stream page action sidebar [AC-4296] (#588)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: tutorial/create-test-virtual-device.md

Reviewer: This is now a partial list. I understand that listing them all might be out of scope here, but what about linking to the new page. Something like "... and many more. For a full list, see stream-page-actions".

 Now, you should be able to interact with the Android virtual device. If we had used an APK, the application interface would be visible directly.

On the stream page, inside the right sidebar, we can see options for:

- Sharing the stream with others
- Setting up an authenticated connection using the Android Debug Bridge (ADB)
- Viewing the network, audio and video statistics for the stream
- Setting the location for a maps application
- A *Developer tools* toggle that offers access to the Ubuntu and Android instances. For example, if you are performing an resource intensive operation in your Android stream, you can monitor its impact using this terminal.

> - And many more. For a full list, see [stream-page-actions](/reference/stream-page-actions.md).

Reviewer: You can directly reference the page - compare with line 308 above:

```suggestion
- And many more. For a full list, see {ref}`ref-stream-page-actions`.
```
